Add new fmt plugins for build file formatting (#16560)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/markdown/Using Pants/concepts/targets.md

All target types have a `name` field, which is used to identify the target. Target names must be unique within a directory.

Use [`./pants tailor ::`](doc:initial-configuration#5-generate-build-files) to automate generating BUILD files.

> You can autoformat build files by opting into one of the plugins under `pants.backend.build_files.fmt` and

Reviewer: > You can autoformat BUILD files by adding either `pants.backend.build_files.fmt.black` or `pants.backend.build_files.fmt.yapf` to `[GLOBAL].backend_packages` in `pants.toml`, then running `./pants fmt '**/BUILD'` or `./pants fmt ::` (formats everything)

Note the quotes around `**/BUILD`

All target types have a `name` field, which is used to identify the target. Target names must be unique within a directory.

> You can autoformat `BUILD` files by enabling a `BUILD` file formatter by adding it to `[GLOBAL].backend_packages` in `pants.toml` (such as `pants.backend.build_files.fmt.black` [or others](https://www.pantsbuild.org/v2.13/docs/enabling-backends)). Then to format, run `./pants fmt '**/BUILD'` or `./pants fmt ::` (formats everything).

Reviewer: Bad:

```suggestion
You can autoformat `BUILD` files by enabling a `BUILD` file formatter by adding it to `[GLOBAL].backend_packages` in `pants.toml` (such as `pants.backend.build_files.fmt.black` [or others](doc:enabling-backends)). Then to format, run `./pants fmt '**/BUILD'` or `./pants fmt ::` (formats everything).
```

Also you probably want to update that page, right?

Author: Is that updated by my changed in `build-support/bin/generate_docs.py`? Do I need to do that here or does that get run at some later point?

Reviewer: No, you need to manually change the page `enabling-backends.md`
